
To do : 1. implement the creation of grimoire application without having to write main in Lisa

Fri, 4 nov 2022 
	Entry point : from where to start the execution of the engine code.

	a DLL file contains an exports table. 
	The exports table contains the name of every function that the DLL exports to other executables.

	__declspec(export) : must be written before the calling convention keyword (like classes, struct etc.)
						 this enables the keyword to use those functions in the code however they see fit.


Monday, 14 Nov 2022, 0041 hours : Implementing logs ( for errors and messages )
	Logging : Writing log files/messages of various events
	-> assigning priority to messages, using color like red for errors, yellow for warnings etc.
	-> Using a library - [maybe] Easylogging++ or SPD log.
		-> SPD log contains C# string structure for message printing.
		-> Creating a wrapper (API for SPD logger)
	Issues : printing different types of data structures.

	points to remember while implementing logging :
	1. Monitoring the level of fatalness : error > warning > info.
		most of the messages lie in this spectrum.
	2. Getting the machine specs : OS, reso, processors, GPU etc.
	3. Log the crucial game functionalities.
	4. Log the gameplay data.
	5. Logging the 3rd party services like APIs, libraries etc.
	6. Monitoring the game launch routines and resource loading.
	7. Examining the logs before and after release.
	
Wednesday, 14 Dec 1149 hours : Premake(setting up a build system)
	-> Updated to Premake 5 Alpha 16, since it supports vs2019 build.
	-> Premake uses Lua.

Friday, 16 Dec 0117 hours : Implemented the bat file and finalised the event managment system.
	Auto execution of the lua script.
	
Wednesday, 11 Jan 1726 hours : implementation of event system. 
	Application(Lisa) : Reads the data from Window and sends it to the different layers.
	Window: the interface on which the user interacts. gets all types of data[mouse, keyboard, render etc.] as commands.
			This data can be read by the Application to direct the layers for execution.
	Layer : Executes different types of event by taking input from Application.



